Adding a FAQs for upcoming account changes (#2535)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Accounts/change-users-license.md

---

> title: How do I change a users license type to read-only in dbt Cloud?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: How do I change a user's license type to read-only in dbt Cloud?
```

> description: "Changing a users license type to read-only in dbt Cloud"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Changing a user's license type to read-only in dbt Cloud"
```

> sidebar_label: 'How to change a users license type to read-only'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: 'How to change a user's license type to read-only'
```

> sidebar_label: 'How to change a user's license type to read-only'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: 'How to change a user\'s license type to read-only'
```

> sidebar_label: 'How to change a user's license type to read-only'

Author: ```suggestion
sidebar_label: 'How to change a user\'s license type to read-only'
```

id: change-users-license

---

You must be an account owner/admin to perform these actions.

> 1. From the cloud console, navigate to the settings icon and select **Account Settings**

Reviewer: I think we've been referring to this as a gear icon? Now that we can add icons inline, it might be  nice to just use the icon in the sentence and the alt text "gear icon."
```suggestion
1. From dbt Cloud, click the gear icon the top right and select **Account Settings**.
```

> <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/Navigate To Account Settings.png" title="Navigate to account settings" />

Reviewer: This image might work better if you have the user already selected.

Author: Added a GIF at the bottom that highlights the processes from end-to-end

> This article outlines the steps for changing a user's license type from `developer` to `read-only` in dbt Cloud. This is frequently done to free up a billable seat but retain the user’s access to view the information in the dbt Cloud account. You must be an account owner/admin to perform these actions.

Author: ```suggestion
This article outlines the steps for changing the license type for a user from `developer` to `read-only` in dbt Cloud. This is frequently done to free up a billable seat but retain the user’s access to view the information in the dbt Cloud account. You must be an account owner/admin to perform these actions.
```

> This article outlines the steps for changing the license type for a user from `developer` to `read-only` in dbt Cloud. This is frequently done to free up a billable seat but retain the user’s access to view the information in the dbt Cloud account. You must be an account owner/admin to perform these actions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To change the license type for a user from `developer` to `read-only` in dbt Cloud, you must be an account owner or have admin privileges. It's commonly done to free up a billable seat but retain the user’s access to view the information in the dbt Cloud account.
```

Reviewer 3: sugg: conciseness

Author: @nghi-ly This paragraph was created based on feedback from @runleonarun that the article needed an introductory statement, so I'd like to get her feedback on the changes.  It starts a little abruptly -how about "The following instructions detail the steps for changing a user license from `developer` to `read-only`. You must be the account owner or have admin privileges to perform these actions."

If the statement about the permissions is last, it's more likely to stick in the user's mind and reduce the chance they skip over it. We can trim the fat by removing the "billable seat" bit.

Reviewer 3: @matthewshaver / @runleonarun :  i'm super pro intro statements! they can help with SEO (depending what our infra is)!

for a "How do I ... ? " page, i don't think there's a lot of value with: "The following instructions detail the steps for changing a user license from developer to read-only." or "This article outlines the steps for changing the license type for a user from `developer` to `read-only` in dbt Cloud."

it's almost like repeating the title but turning the question into a sentence, which isn't adding anything new or relevant.

Reviewer: I think we should go with @nghi-ly 's edits, while making the last bit active: "It's commonly done to" to "You might make this change to free up..." Like this:
```suggestion
To change the license type for a user from `developer` to `read-only` in dbt Cloud, you must be an account owner or have admin privileges. You might make this change to free up a billable seat but retain the user’s access to view the information in the dbt Cloud account.
```

> 2. Navigate to the left side menu and select **Users**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Users** in the left menu.
```

> 1. From dbt Cloud, click the gear icon the top right and select **Account Settings**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. From dbt Cloud, click the gear icon at the top right and select **Account Settings**.
```

> 3. Select the desired user and choose **Edit** from the bottom of their profile pane

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the user you want to remove, and click **Edit** in the bottom of their profile.
```

> 4. Change the `License Type` from `Developer` to `Read-only` and then select **Save**

Reviewer: I would only use single quotes for code. We can change this to quotes and I think we can help them find the section just by naming the title "License."

```suggestion
4. Under License, change from "Developer" to "Read-only", and click **Save**.
```

> 2. Select **Users** in the left menu.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. In **Account Settings**, select **Users** under **Teams**.
```

> 4. Under License, change from "Developer" to "Read-only", and click **Save**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
4. For the **License** option, choose **Read-only** (from **Developer**), and click **Save**.
```

Reviewer 3: sugg: style guide on [UI elements](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#ui-elements)
